Kingdom Hearts 1 Sources

YouTube Videos

Kingdom Hearts Final Mix (PS4) - Sephiroth (Level 1 Proud Mode w/Restrictions)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTgIi0O_FG4

Generic Mass Effect 1 Gameplay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyWurWoxhuA

Mass Effect 2 Combat Gameplay Insanity Difficulty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1E2o-heJxU

Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 - Proud Mode Any% (3:28:22, Old World Record)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y173vo_48Xw

E3 Show 2001
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiWqYGHDpKo

Kingdom Hearts, English trailer - E3 2002
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkzI23pzTVo

Kingdom Hearts - Trailer 2001
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccO9I9fC9kY

Reveal Trailer | Call of Duty: Vanguard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ1CwPhE8KQ

Super Mario 64 - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hN93sNyWxQ

Making of - Kingdom Hearts [Behind the Scenes]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAqs0yf8kc8

Kingdom Hearts Series - All Openings (2002-2019)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUnLf535qNM

FINAL FANTASY 15 All Cindy Cutscenes (Final Fantasy XV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGzFb8rAMnA

Final Fantasy XIII - Movie Version -3- Crystal Wonderland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTRxKJytrdw

Kingdom Hearts DARK ROAD - All Cutscenes Eps. 1-3 - The Story So Far
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wTjQGr_vm0

KINGDOM HEARTS Union X Finale (FULL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2Y6mB4VRtE

Longplay of Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0GCa3GOC80

Kingdom Hearts Coded Complete Playthrough Part 1 - Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-jzSstMXX8

GTA5 "wasted" green screen effect + sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OleLlIpymtU

The Forgotten Depth of Kingdom Hearts ~ Design Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcYSbfrO5uo

Aladdin - One Jump Ahead (Music Video) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sM_gNMwffgM

Kingdom Hearts – PS2 vs. PS3 vs. PS4 vs. PS4 Pro 4K UHD Graphics Comparison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyRB7J4OpAg

GameCube Longplay [015] Super Mario Sunshine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5mcz3RfwMA

The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind gameplay (PC Game, 2002)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2RgCVQ9-BQ

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets PS2 Walkthrough - Part 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0ogl6d4BgM

Sly Cooper and the Thievius Raccoonus PS2 Longplay - (100% Completion)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6G9-6sZlhU

Final Fantasy 7 Remake Opening Hour Gameplay	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK6CPcVHLYY

Kingdom Hearts - Dearly Beloved - All Versions (2002 - 2020)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KJqDlMPGf4

[1080p HQ] Kingdom Hearts Final Mix: Another Side, Another Story [ Deep Dive ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAmcJ1FOv5o

Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 - Sephiroth Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yfSPLx-k9c

Kingdom Hearts 1 PS2 Walkthrough Part 1 The Awakening
https://youtu.be/XHA2cEUhe-k


Webpages, Articles, etc.

(I might not have referenced all these)

Kingdom Hearts: A History 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.denofgeek.com/games/kingdom-hearts-a-history-of-one-of-the-most-beloved-but-unlikely-franchises-of-all-time/%3famp

The History of Kingdom Hearts Part 1 
https://retroware.com/2021/02/22/the-history-of-kingdom-hearts-part-1-how-a-disney-miracle-turned-into-a-classic-franchise/

2004 IGN Interview with Tetsuya Nomura 
https://www.ign.com/articles/2004/09/23/tgs-2004-tetsuya-nomura-qa

Kingdom Hearts Sucks but it Doesn’t Have to 
https://www.ign.com/articles/2012/02/27/kingdom-hearts-sucks-but-it-doesnt-have-to

Iwata Asks: Tetsuya Nomura Interview 
https://archive.ph/20120803203547/http://andriasang.com/con0h5/kh3d_iwata_asks/

Translation of the Otocoto Article 
https://www.khinsider.com/news/Otocoto-reveals-history-of-how-Kingdom-Hearts-got-approved-by-Eisner-17299

Otocoto: Shuji Utsumi’s experience getting the game green lit 
https://otocoto.jp/column/utsumi07/2/

Ability Chart
https://imgur.com/VTKB0FP

Specialty Choice Explanation
https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/3y2npz/what_does_the_specialty_choice_at_the_beginning/

XP Table
https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/4t6qut/kh1_is_there_a_table_of_xp_needed_for_each_level/

KH 1.5 PS3 Manual
http://cdn.sqexeu.com/files/gamemanuals/kingdomhearts/KH1.5_PS3_digital_MAN_US.pdf

EXP Zero Hidden Values
https://www.google.com/amp/s/thatvideogamezoo.tumblr.com/post/148440354843/i-heard-you-mention-how-exp-zero-has-hidden/amp

Damage and Defense Formulas
https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/684080-kingdom-hearts-hd-15-remix/67174084

KHFM Damage Calculation
http://khdata.web.fc2.com/khfm/damage.html

KH Boss Stats
https://www.finalfantasykingdom.net/khbosses2.php

Damage Question
https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/200737-kingdom-hearts-hd-i5-plus-ii5-remix/75189033?page=1

Level Up Bonus Guide
https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/ps2/516587-kingdom-hearts/faqs/62863

Final Mix Changes
https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/ps2/516587-kingdom-hearts/faqs/21270

Keyblade List
https://aminoapps.com/c/kingdom-hearts/page/item/kh-keyblade-list/dgxl_WDcaIE8wmxpnjwlP6z1L7aoj5gMEo

Lots of Information was gathered from the KH wiki and Fandom pages.


Music (In Order of Appearance)

Opening and Part 1
Simple and Clean Remix

Rogueport Sewers - Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door

Part 2
Dive Into the Heart - Kingdom Hearts 1.5

Bustin Up on the Beach - KH 1.5

Shrouding Dark Cloud - KH 1.5 

Part 3-1
Welcome to Wonderland - KH 1.5

Steam Gardens - Super Mario Odyssey

Empire City Hub Night - Sonic Unleashed

Planet Wisp (Act 3) - Sonic Colors

Stage (Cyberpunk) - Miitopia

Restaurant - Overcooked

Pokitaru - The ‘Scenic’ Sewers - Ratchet and Clank

Part 3-2
Recipe for the Perfect Afro - Jet Grind Radio

Installer Theme - Disney’s Toontown Online

Character Creation - Miitopia

Crashed Cashbot Headquarters Courtyard Theme - Toontown Rewritten

Aquarium Park (Act 3) - Sonic Colors

Planet Wisp (Act 2) - Sonic Colors

Part 3-3
Hollow Bastion - KH 1.5

Monstrous Monstro - KH 1.5

Night of Fate - KH 1.5

Shamar (Night) - Sonic Unleashed

(Music is named in video for the end of Part 3-3 and Part 4)

Part 5
Train Station - Sly 2

Hand in Hand - KH 1.5

One Winged Angel - KH 1.5

Merlin’s Magical House - KH 1.5





